I didn't expect the commander to come to our house
I didn't expect the commander to come
The old lady is rude
No room no room
I don't have a relationship with Huomei's father
Meet Mei today
Come and congratulate Madam Gu on her birthday
Thank you Commander-in-Chief for the update
Huomei is very grateful
Don't be so outsider between you and me.
Oh, dear.
I didn't expect Huomei to have such a friendship with the commander-in-chief
The Qin family has been down and out for many years
For your father's sake
Help you make a stand
It's not impossible
But how are you going to repay it?
What does the commander want?
What did the thrush change to hahaha?
Okay, okay, hey, hey.
Beiquan Thrush is a good girl
Don't let them down
Of course.
Commander-in-Chief today is my mother's birthday
Just in time to ask the commander-in-chief to be a witness
How about I face that thrush as a concubine today?
Of course, I have no opinion of cutting off the old lady.
Ouch, that's good.
There is a relationship between the thrush and the commander-in-chief
Beichen
That thrush is a concubine, that's Beichen's blessing
Hahaha, the Soviet army is really lucky
Just such a virtuous waiter
I want that beautiful concubine again
It's enviable
Good commander in chief
Please take your seat
Sister after
Baby in belly
Born to be the eldest son and grandson of the Gu family
Be sure to invite my sister
What about a good name for your child?
I just don't know my sister's belly
When will there be movement?
This will not bother my sister.
The commander-in-chief came to support me
What are you fighting me with?
So here comes the fun.
Brother Beichen
Then you talk about things first
I'll go and order with my sister.
Don't be tired.
Go ahead.
Sister, please come with me.
Ok sister
Sister, let's go. Okay.
The show is about to start